To setup windows 10, i went to my browser, typed getintopc to download the windows 10 iso. then on getintopc i windows 10 . i then scrolled down on the page and saw windows 10. 64 bit of about 4.2GB
i then clicked on download and it started downloading which i did waited for it to finish downloading.
after it has finished downloading i then went to my download on the file explorer and i saw it there. confirmed it has finished downloading.


NOW IT IS TIME TO INSTALL IT ON THE VM
I then launched the vm and click on NEW to create a new virtual machine,named the vm as windows 10 64bits then selected the folder location where the vm files will be installed. then on the version i selected windows 10 64bits and clicked on next on the menu.
I allocated the ram which was 8GB and the proccessors to be used. then the virtual harddrive i allocated 24GB to be used. after which i clicked on finished.
after creating the vm i clicked on kali then selected SETTINGS.
set the clipboard as bidirectional
then scrolled to storage clicked on IDE>>>>>and EMPTY to add the windows 10 iso to the vm
by clicking on the disk sign to import the ISO file to the storage
then i went to the network selected the adapter and put on default first by selectin NAT
then clicked ok 
and that was all for the set up 


After setting up the windows 10 on the vm 
i clicked start to start the machine and the installation 
after the loading, a menu appeared saying to select english 
then i click next 
then install appeared and i clicked install
the and interface came out to select the version of the windows to ne installed 
then i clicked on windows 10 pro 64bits 
it now loaded to a that brought out the storage allocated to it from the vm 
then i selected the 24GB allocation and clicked format 
then clicked next to install.


after it has finished installing, it rebooted and a menu came out to put the owners name and password 
then clicked enter 
selected the time zone and dates 
then waited for it to finish up 
