To setup kali linus, i went to my browser then typed download kali linux iso file in their official website. i then scrolled down on the page and saw kali linux 64 bit of about 4.2GB
i then clicked on download and it started downloading which i did waited for it to finish downloading.
after it has finished downloading i then went to my download on the fule explorer and i saw it there. confirmed it has finished downloading.


NOW IT IS TIME TO INSTALL IT ON THE VM
I then launched the vm and click on NEW to create a new virtual machine,named the vm as KALILINUX2025 then selected the folder location where the vm files will be installed. then on the version i selected DEBIAN 64bits and clicked on next on the menu.
I allocated the ram which was 8GB and the proccessors to be used. then the virtual harddrive i allocated 24GB to be used. after which i clicked on finished.
after creating the vm i clicked on kali then selected SETTINGS.
set the clipboard as bidirectional
then scrolled to storage clicked on IDE>>>>>and EMPTY to add the kali iso the vm
by clicking on the disk sign to import the ISO file to the storage
then i went to the network selected the adapter and put on default first by selectin NAT
then clicked ok 
and that was all for the set up 


TIME TO LAUNCH IT AND INSTALL ON THE VM
I clicked start to begin on the VM
and wait for it to power up
after powering up
select graphucal install to start the installation 
i selected the system language and location and click continue
and select the keyboard language 
then i entered kali as the host name 
left the domain name empty 
then created user name and password and selected to use the entire disk and select the virtual disk
click all in one patition
and clicked continue 
after loading a menu comes up 
select desktop environment and click continue
and wait for it to install which will last to about 15 minutes 
then install the bootloader by clicking yes and select the virtual drive and click continue 

After installation, reboot your computer and log in with your username and password
